Chc & dv api updates (#307)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/doctor-visits.md

Note that because doctor's visits may be reported to the health system partners
several days after they occur, these signals are typically available with
several days of lag. This means that estimates for a specific day are only
available several days later. 

The amount of lag in reporting can vary, and not all visits are reported with
the same lag. After we first report estimates for a specific date, further data
may arrive about outpatients visits on that date. When this occurs, we issue new

> estimates for those dates to backfill any missing data. This means that a reported estimate for, say, June

Reviewer: We usually use "backfill" as a noun to describe the phenomenon of data revisioning. We could extend the definition of "backfill" to be a verb as well, or say something like "we issue new estimates for those dates that include the most recent data reports."

> estimates for those dates to backfill any missing data. This means that a reported estimate for, say, June

Author: ```suggestion
will have newly issued estimates that include the most recent data reports. In other words a reported estimate for, June
```

See if this works better.

10th may first be available in the API on June 14th and subsequently revised on
June 16th.

>  As insurnace claims are available at a significant and variable latency, the signal experiences heavy backfill with data delayed for a couple of weeks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 As insurance claims are available at a significant and variable latency, the signal experiences heavy backfill with data delayed for a couple of weeks. 
```

>  Note that we expect estimates available for the most recent X days to be substantially revised due to later data revisions, estimates for past dates are more static due to these revisions having already occured. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We expect estimates available for the most recent X days to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than W days in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred.
```

Reviewer 2: I pulled 7 days from the blog post ("For a given date of service, we typically receive only about half of the total claims within seven days following that date.") and extended it to 14 to hedge against the arrival of bulk of the second half of the claims. I estimated 28 days based on the issue size of the doctor-visits signal, which is six weeks. If we estimate no measurable changes after six weeks, 4 weeks is probably safe to classify as "fairly static"

> We expect estimates available for the most recent 7-14 days to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than 28 days in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the same criteria for determining the "fairly static" threshold are the same for doctor-visits and chng. 94% of the chng data is in by 60 days, but the change in signal values might still be negligible before that since we are missing data from both the numerator and denominator.

Reviewer 2: that's fine -- do you have alternate figures for dv and chng we can use to give people a more consistent idea of what to expect?

Reviewer 2: @rumackaaron ping

several days of lag. This means that estimates for a specific day are only
available several days later.

Note that we expect estimates available for the most recent X days to be substantially revised due to later data revisions. 

> As insurnace claims are available at a significant and variable latency, the signal experiences heavy backfill with data delayed for a couple of weeks. Visit [Doctor's Visits](https://delphi.cmu.edu/blog/2020/11/05/a-syndromic-covid-19-indicator-based-on-insurance-claims-of-outpatient-visits/#backfill) for more information on backfill.

Author: The "Doctor's Visits" text is filler, I was unsure what language to use to refer to the blog post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As insurance claims are available at a significant and variable latency, the signal experiences heavy backfill with data delayed for a couple of weeks. See our [blog post](https://delphi.cmu.edu/blog/2020/11/05/a-syndromic-covid-19-indicator-based-on-insurance-claims-of-outpatient-visits/#backfill) for more information on backfill.
```
